today I'm PD Cleveland from bar crusher
boats today I'd like to introduce you to
our new 490 W our great little open boat
4s3 impoundment rivers lakes closing
coastal boating and good weather Ripper
all round up the advantage of a
walk-around boat is obviously that you
can walk right around the boat consoles
placed in the middle of the hull nicely
positioned to give you the best ride but
also give you full access around the
hull when you're casting soft plastics
playing a fish around the boat were than
working up the front putting the anchor
in and out gives you a really good
versatility the full ninety came about
because customers were asking us for a
smaller bar crusher so we thought what
can we build that retains all the key
features of the bigger bar crusher range
but gives us a smaller boat with a
smaller horsepower for this type of
boating so the 490 has the water ballast
system that our blades your boats have
which gives you great stability at rest
it also has the Gentoo hull shape for
earlier planing better economy through
the water better spray turndown and of
course it also has the Reggie deck sub
floor system which we believe is the
strongest sub floor system in a
trilobite in the world for ninety wor
has the console in the center as an esky
seat with a cushion come to the bait
board you can put some optional rod
holders on the back there Castell
iminium rod holders in the decks nice
wide side decks coming is it a good
height hit you in the thigh so you feel
like you're standing deep in the boat as
a barely bucket out the back ladder out
the back great little all-rounder and of
course we like to package all our boats
on a great trailer custom designed for
each hull with a bar caps on the winch
post to make sure you've got very easy
launch and retrieve single-handed the
490 is such an easy boat to go out if
you want to go boating on your own this
boats now had a really good test we've
taken an out in different conditions and
it's a great little agile boat through
the water with a 60 horsepower power
plan on the back it gets up and planes
easily we've had four heavy guys in the
boat 60 horsepower seems to be a great
match for it cuts through chopped well
seems to run across it with it good
following sea performance and we're
really proud of this model so we ask you
take one out in the water give it a test
run
see what you think you're gonna love it